Rewrite caching BBEs (#3780)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-service-cache-response/http_service_cache_response.md

# REST service - Send cache response

> The `http:Service` can cache a response associated with a request and reuse the cached response for subsequent requests. This can be achieved by adding the `http:Cache` annotation to the return type. By default, this annotation will add the `must-revalidate`, `public`, and `max-age=3600` directives to the `Cache-Control` header of the response, along with the `ETag` and `Last-Modified` headers. These default settings can be changed by adding the configurations to the annotation. Furthermore, the response is only cached when the return type is `anydata` or a subtype of `http:SuccessStatusCodeResponse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Service` can cache a response associated with a request and reuse the cached response for subsequent requests. This can be achieved by adding the `http:Cache` annotation to the return type. By default, this annotation adds the `must-revalidate`, `public`, and `max-age=3600` directives to the `Cache-Control` header of the response, along with the `ETag` and `Last-Modified` headers. These default settings can be changed by adding the configurations to the annotation. Furthermore, the response is only cached when the return type is `anydata` or a subtype of `http:SuccessStatusCodeResponse`.
```
